gh-1249 gh-1352 add info about custom error types (#1374)
tarantool/doc: doc/reference/reference_lua/box_error.rst

    | :ref:`error_object.set_prev()        | Set the previous error          |
    | <box_error-set_prev>`                |                                 |
    +--------------------------------------+---------------------------------+

>     | :ref:`Custom error types             | Create custom error type        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | :ref:`Custom error types             | Create a custom error type      |
```

    The iProto protocol also supports stacked diagnostics. See details in
    :ref:`Binary protocol -- responces for errors -- extra <box_protocol-responses_error_extra>`.

.. _box_error-custom_type:

===============================================================================
                            Custom error types
===============================================================================

Errors can be created in 2 ways: with ``box.error.new()`` and with ``box.error()``.

> Both used to take either code, reason, <reason string args> or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In either case, you can pass any of these arguments: a code, a reason, <reason string args>, or
```

Author: rewrote in 445d5a4

> {code = code, reason = reason, ...} arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{code = code, reason = reason, ...}.
```

> In the first option instead of code you can specify a string as its own

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using ``box.error.new()``, instead of a code you can specify a string as the code's
```

Author: rewrote in 445d5a4

> error type. In the second option you can specify both code and type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
error type. If you are using ``box.error()``, you can specify both code and type.
```

Author: rewrote in 445d5a4

.. code-block:: lua

    box.error('MyErrorType', 'Message')
    box.error({type = 'MyErrorType', code = 1024, reason = 'Message'})

> Or no-throw version:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or a no-throw version:
```

.. code-block:: lua

    box.error.new('MyErrorType', 'Message')
    box.error.new({type = 'MyErrorType', code = 1024, reason = 'Message'})

> When a custom type is specified, it is shown in ``err.type`` attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a custom type is specified, it is reported in the ``err.type`` attribute.
```

> When it is not specified, ``err.type`` shows one of built-in errors such as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When it is not specified, ``err.type`` reports one of built-in errors such as
```

``'ClientError'``, ``'OurOfMemory'``, etc.

> Name length limit on the custom type is *63 bytes*. Everything longer then the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The maximum name length for a custom type is *63 bytes*. Everything longer than this
```

limit is truncated.

> Original error type can be checked using ``err.base_type`` member, although

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The original error type can be checked using the ``err.base_type`` member, although
```

> normally it should not be used. For user-defined types base type is ``'CustomError'``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
normally it should not be used. For user-defined types, the base type is ``'CustomError'``.
```

**Example:**

.. code-block:: tarantoolsession

    tarantool> e = box.error.new({type = 'MyErrorType', code = 1024, reason = 'Message'})
    ---
    ...

    tarantool> e:unpack()
    ---
    - code: 1024
    trace:
    - file: '[string "e = box.error.new({type = ''MyErrorType'', code..."]'
        line: 1
    type: MyErrorType
    custom_type: MyErrorType
    message: Message
    base_type: CustomError
    ...

You can also use a format string to compose an error message for

> ``'CustomError type'``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the ``'CustomError'`` type.
```
